Emma,

I'm really glad that you enjoyed the comedy show!

Maybe to you it only seems trivial, but to me, your accompaniment, your curiosity and above all, your enjoyment in joining me even the littlest things in my ordinary life, it really means so much more to me than you would ever know.

I treasure time above almost everything else. When someone becomes important to me, all I want is to share life's ordinary moments with them, the quiet walks, the conversations, the laughter, even the silence.

So from the bottom of my heart, thank you. Even for the man with many flaws that I am, thank you for sharing those moments with me.

When we're together, I find myself lost in thought. Drowning in the overwhelming love I feel for you, I cannot help but find myself stifling in constant thought, ‘ is she having a good time?’, ‘is she enjoying the places I love that I really want to share with her?’

Perhaps, I overthink, and if it has ever seeped into the atmosphere we share, I’m truly sorry.

However, I want you to know it comes from my deep desire to be with you, even if for only littlest second longer.

My deep desire to always be by your side, from the love I have of you that honestly frightens me.

I want to tell you that I’ve been badly hurt before, not by you, but from a profound depth of love in which I’ve been wrenched from before.

I do not want to pressure you, nor do I expect an answer before you're ready, but I would be lying if I said this uncertainty has been easy.

Living on the fine line separating hope and despair is a place that is gut wrenching when stranded on for so long.

That’s why I really want you to tell me, from the bottom of your heart, just 3 words.

‘I love you’.

In the same way I share of you, a love that can even transcend the separation we will have to endure.

On your birthday, you told me, "I love you." I know you had been drinking, and perhaps you don't even remember saying it, but for a brief moment, those words became something I couldn't help but hold close to my heart. Whether they were spoken by courage or through the inebriety in which your mind were lost in the moment, I want to let you know that they meant more to me than you will probably ever know.

I'm sorry if any of this feels heavy. If I could write a million words, they still wouldn't be enough to express how much I admire you. Your kindness, passion, intelligence, curiosity, the warmth that radiates through you so effortlessly that I admire, and the way you make the world around me feel brighter simply by being yourself.

Whatever happens, I hope you know that meeting you has been one of the greatest gifts life has given me.

For a long time before I met you, life felt strangely weightless to me. I drifted through it without much concern for how long it lasted.

Then like a star in the night, one in an almost infinite that I could’ve laid my eyes upon, it was you that I saw.

And with you, my world became brighter.

Now I find myself hoping for more tomorrows with you. You make my everydays beautiful.

You deserve nothing less than the very best this world has to offer. I am not a perfect person, but that thought alone makes me want to become a better man, not for recognition, nor for myself, but because loving you has taught me the kind of person I wish to be. A person who is healthier in mind, steel in heart, more reliable, and more capable of giving you the kind of love you deserve.

If I could, I would spend the rest of my life giving you more reasons to smile.

When you told me that Tokyo had felt lonely this time, I felt an anger within me, towards myself, that I hadn’t had the courage to speak to you sooner, to be there before loneliness had the chance to find you. A seraph that shines so bright should never have to feel the scourge of so bitter of an emotion.

If you ever choose to let me, I promise that you will never have to face loneliness again. I will be beside you for as long as we live, and if our love truly survives even beyond death, then I will spend my next lifetime searching for you once more.

Even in different lives, different timelines, I would find a way to be with you, every single time.

If fate is kind enough to let me walk beside you, then I hope it grants me the privilege of growing old with you. If our fate ever asked something difficult of us, I would face it without hesitation.

Then, if the day comes where I am fortunate enough to hear you say that we are truly ours to each other, the rest of the world would become wonderfully irrelevant. The world could only exist with us two and I would still look forward to every tomorrow warmly content.

There is nothing more beautiful to me than you. Not just simply your the way you look or the way you smile when immersed in bliss, but the miracle of you being exactly who you are. Your heart, your soul, you are beautiful in every way beauty exists.

Whatever becomes of us, whatever distance or time may place between our lives, you will remain my singular light I found in a sea of mist, the one that shone so differently from everything else when I had begun to believe my life was bound to belong to a colourless fate.

And I will always remember the feelings I felt at that moment.

Whenever I see your face, even if only a glimpse, I find myself smiling without meaning to. You bring a happiness in my world unlike anything that I had ever known before. You are simply extraordinary, in ways I can never fully put into words.

The world became a much more beautiful place the day you were brought into it and somehow, by some beautiful accident, or perhaps fate, you found your way into my life too.

For that, I will always be grateful.

I will never love anyone the way I love you.

Kai
